[Documentation:Developer] Updated Installation Instructions (#622)
Submitty/submitty.github.io: _docs/developer/getting_started/vm_install_using_vagrant_apple_silicon.md

   * Open **System Settings** and navigate to **Sharing**
   * Turn on **File Sharing** and go to options
   * Check "Share files and folders using SMB" 

>    ![img.png](img.png)

Reviewer: this image should have a descriptive filename

>    * click on the i button against the option "File Sharing"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * click on the i button next to the option "File Sharing"
```
